//Booking or scheduling a taxi in a hotel conversation
David: Hello, would you organize me a taxi for tomorrow afternoon?
Hotel receptionist: That will be no problem. Where do you want the taxi to take you?
David: I have to be at a business conference at the Regents hotel. I am hoping that it is not very far away from here.
Hotel receptionist: No. It is only a twenty minute drive from this hotel.
David: Book the taxi for one in the afternoon, please.
Hotel receptionist: I will make the booking right away.
David: Thank you for your help.
Hotel receptionist: Would you like me to order a taxi for when you return?
David: That's a great idea. Could you make sure the taxi is waiting for me outside at six?
Hotel receptionist: Do not worry, we will take care of that.

//Conversation between 2 people who have not met for a long time
LINDA: Well, hello there, Deborah! It is great to see you again.
DEBORAH: It is great to see you. What are you doing in Manchester?
LINDA: I just got a new job in Manchester in finance, so I am shopping for some new clothes.
DEBORAH: I have got the same skirt as you!
LINDA: You have always had great taste in clothes! Well this is a small world.
DEBORAH: We must keep in touch. You still have my mobile number?
LINDA: No. I lost my phone.
DEBORAH: OK. I will save your new number.
LINDA: I have got to go back to work, give us a ring so we can arrange dinner sometime.
DEBORAH: Take care. Bye. 

//Conversation about the weather?
Mr Bean: Good morning!
Shopkeeper: Morning. How are you today?
Mr Bean: Not so bad, thanks. You?
Shopkeeper: I am good, apart from all this rain!
Mr Bean: It's awful, isn't it?
hopkeeper: The weather forecast said it will brighten up after lunch.
Mr Bean: They always say that! Still, I can't complain as it's a lot warmer than back at home.
Shopkeeper: Really? Where are you from?
Mr Bean: Freezing cold, and snowing.
Shopkeeper: Right! So this must be like summer for you!
Mr Bean: Right! But I do like the snow sometimes.

//teacher and student
Teacher: Where is Kannan? 
Sanjay: He is absent today, sir. 
Teacher: Why is he absent? 
Sanjay: He has gone to Kolkata to attend his sister's marriage, sir. 
Teacher: Has he sent the leave letter through you? 
Sanjay: No, sir. 
Teacher: He must be present with leave letter. 
Sanjay: Yes, sir. 
Teacher: Have you answered the paragraph questions? 
Sanjay: Yes, sir. I have. 
Teacher: Boys, look at that picture on the wall. 
Sanjay: Who is he? 
Teacher: He is a Bengali Poet named Tagore. 
Sanjay: Sir, I know about him very well. He got the Nobel Prize for literature. 

//Drill Master and The Captain 
Drill Master: Boys, practice well today. 
Captain: Yes, Sir. 
Drill Master: Who is our opponent? 
Captain: The V.C. High School team is our opponent. 
Drill Master: Have you taken all the bats and balls? 
Captain: Yes sir. We have four bats and three balls. 
Drill Master: Do you know the ground where the match is to be played? 
Captain: It is to be played in Railway ground. 
Drill Master: Go by bus and make sure you have net practice. 
Captain: Will you be present during our net practice? 
Drill Master: Yes. I will come. 

//election meeting
Ramgopal: Who is addressing the meeting? 
Suresh: He is the candidate of the Congress party. 
Ramgopal: When is the election to be held? 
Suresh: On Sunday. 
Ramgopal: How many candidates are contesting? 
Suresh: There are seven candidates in the field. 
Ramgopal: He is the first man speaking. 
Suresh: When will the meeting come to an end? 
Ramgopal: Perhaps at 10.30 P.M. 
Suresh: These dasy election meetings are a nuisance. 

//reception counter
Receptionist: How may I help you? 
Guest: I need a room. 
Receptionist: Do you require a single or double room or a suite? 
Guest: A single room will do. 
Receptionist: Please fill your name in this register. 
Guest: May I know the tariff please? 
Receptionist: It's nine hundred rupees a day. 
Guest: Does it include breakfast? 
Receptionist: No, sir. It's just for the accommodation. 
Guest: Is the room air conditioned? 
Receptionist: All our rooms are centrally air-conditioned. 
Guest: Do you have a restaurant? 
Receptionist: Not one. We have three. We offer Indian, Western and Chinese cuisine catered by the different restaurants. 
Guest: That's good news. I can choose different cuisine for different meals. 

//friends over telephone
Anusiya: Hello Ganesh! How are you? 
Ganesh: Hello Anusiya! I am fine. 
Anusiya: Have you done the homework in Maths? 
Ganesh: No. I am ill. 
Anusiya: Will you come to school today? 
Ganesh: No. I will send a leave letter. 
Anusiy : What is your trouble? 
Ganesh: I am suffering from headache. 
Anusiya: Did you consult a doctor? 
Ganesh: No. I am taking tablets. 
Anusiya: Is your mother at home? 
Ganesh: Yes, she is. 
Anusiya: Shall I come for help? 
Ganesh: Please come to inform me about the lessons taught today. 

//bank
Manager: What do you want? 
Student: I want to apply for loan. 
Manager: Where are you studying now? 
Student: I am studying in Government Engineering College Salem. 
Manager: What branch have you chosen? 
Student: I have chosen Mechanical Engineering. 
Student: I need a loan of $4000 for my higher education.
Manager: What is your father's job? 
Student: My father is an Inspector of police in Mettur, Salem District. 
Manager: I will sanction a loan of Rs. $2000 only. It is the limit. 
Student: Shall I bring my father tomorrow? 
Manager: Yes. Meet me tomorrow morning with your father. 

//father mother son
Father: Why are you slow in eating? 
Son: I am not well. I am suffering from cold. 
Father: Did you tell me yesterday? 
Father: After you have finished your meal,go to take your tablets.
Mother: He told me and I forgot to tell you. 
Father: Apply for leave today. 
Son: My teacher will not permit me. I must go to school. 
Father: Go to the medical shop first and then go to school. 
Son: Yes, father. 

//church
Ramesh: What is that building? 
Latha: It is a Church. 
Ramesh: I thought it to be a mosque. How do you know that it is a Church? 
Latha: Can't you see the cross on the top of the tower? 
Ramesh: Yes, I understand. When will the prayer begin? 
Latha: It will begin at 10 A.M. 
Ramesh: Shall we enter the church? Will they permit us? 
Latha: They will permit us if we like to go in. 
Ramesh: Will there be service on all days? 
Latha: It will be on Sundays and on the days of Christian festivals. 

//traffic cop and student
Inspector: Get down. You are on the wrong way. 
Student: Sir, I am sorry. I did not see the signal. 
Inspector: You must be careful while crossing the road. 
Student: Yes, sir. 
Inspector: Where are you studying? 
Student: I am studying in Don Bosco School. 
Inspector: I shall visit your school one day. 
Student: Why, sir?
Inspector: I will deliver a lecture on traffic rules. I shall meet with your headmaster. 
Student: I will inform him of your arrival. 


//playground
HARI : What is he doing with the roller? 
RAJA : He is levelling the ground. 
HARI : What is he doing with the spade? 
RAJA : He is removing the grass and thorns with the spade. 
HARI : Where is our P.E.T. Master? 
RAJA : He is over there giving directions to the students. 
HARI : When is our sports Day? 
RAJA : The sports day is on Saturday the 23rd of this month. 
HARI : Who presides over the sports Day function? 
RAJA : Our Headmaster presides over the function. 
HARI : Do you take part in any event? 
RAJA : I take part in long jump. 

//Child and Clerk 
Child : Sir, I want to book one STD call to New York. 
Clerk : What is the number? 
Child : It is written on this piece of paper.
Clerk : Wait for some time as the line for New York appears to be very busy. 
Child : Shall I pay any advance? 
Clerk : You may pay $3. 
Child : Here is a $5 note. 
Clerk : Try to give correct change. 
Child : I have no change. I shall wait. 
Clerk : Who are you those people outside the door? 
Child : They are my parents. 
Clerk : Ask them to sit down on the bench. 

//admission
Kathir: Good morning, Madam. 
Head Mistress: Good morning. Sit down. What do you want? 
Kathir: I want admission into Sixth Standard. 
Head Mistress: Where did you study last year? 
Kathir: I studied in Tirumangalam. 
Head Mistress: Then why do you want admission here? 
Kathir: My father has been transferred to Madurai Branch. 
Head Mistress: What is your father? 
Kathir: He is a Bank Officer. 
Head Mistress: Where is he? 
Kathir: He is seated there. Shall I call him? 
Head Mistress: Fill in this application form and come in the afternoon. 

//library
Balan: Are you coming from the library? 
Hari: Yes. I was there from 2 p.m. 
Balan: What book are you carrying?
Hari: It is a book on quiz. 
Balan: Are you a member of the library? 
Hari: Yes. I have been a member from January 2005. 
Hari: Do you want to become a member? 
Balan: Yes. What is the membership fee? 
Hari: You must deposit $2 only. 
Balan: What is the monthly subscription? 
Hari: There is no monthly subscription. 
Balan: How many books can we borrow at a time? 
Hari: We can borrow three books at a time. 
Balan: I will soon become a member of the library. 

//post office clerk and boy
CLERK: Boy, what do you want? 
BOY: I want to send money to my brother. 
CLERK: Where is the money order form? 
BOY: Here it is. 
CLERK: How much do you want to send to your brother? 
BOY: Rupees one hundred only. 
CLERK: Where is your brother studying? 
BOY: He is studying in Theni. 
BOY: Sir, what is the money order commission? 
CLERK: Five rupees. 
BOY: When will the money order reach him? 
CLERK: Your brother will get the money tomorrow. Don't worry. 

//movie theater
Akbar: When did you start from your house? 
Ragul: I started at about 4.30 p.m. 
Akbar: Was there a crowd in the ticket counter when you came? 
Ragul: When I came the counter was free. 
Akbar: Today there is far less crowd than usual. 
Ragul: Who is he on the screen? 
Akbar: He is Vadivelu the comedian. 
Ragul: He has become very popular recently. 
Akbar: His film Maruthamalai is very famous. 
Ragul: Yes. That is true. 

//about tour program
Teacher : Madan, bring your camera to take a photo of the tall building there. 
Student : What is that, Sir? 
Teacher : It is the lodge where we shall stay. 
Student : What is the name of the lodge? 
Teacher : It is called The Karnataka Palace. 
Student : Shall we go around the famous lake here? 
Teacher : Yes, we shall go and have a ride in the boat. 
Student : What are they doing? 
Teacher : They are playing hide and seek. 
Student : The driver is not here. Where has he gone? 
Teacher : He has gone to the hotel for a cup of tea. 


21//I was in a public toilet and had just sat down, when I heard a voice from next cubicle. 
He said "hi!! How are you?"
Embrassed, I said, "I am doing Fine"
The voice said, " What are you up to?"
I said, "Just doing the same as you, sitting here"
He said, "can I come over?"
Annoyed, I said "Rather busy right now"
The voice said, "listen I will have to call you back later, there's an idiot next door who is answering all my questions"
